README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋 I'm notdp

> Backend → Full-Stack Developer 

## About Me

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/graduation-cap" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Education & Career

- Graduate of [Xidian University](https://en.xidian.edu.cn/)
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/briefcase" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> **Open to Work**: Python/Node.js Backend or Full-Stack Developer (Shanghai/Xi'an/Remote)

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/crosshair" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Current Focus

- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/bot" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Researching Multi-Agent Collaboration & Context Engineering
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/puzzle" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Building VSCode Extensions
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/layers" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Transitioning to Full-Stack with React/Next.js
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/palette" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Learning UI/UX with Figma

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/gamepad-2" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Life Beyond Code

- **Peak**: [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3527290/PEAK/) (Currently playing)
- **Fortnite**: Reload and [MEME BOXFIGHTS](https://www.fortnite.com/@frstudios/1146-7216-6816) with friends
- **GOTY 2025**: [Clair Obscur: Expedition 33](https://store.steampowered.com/agecheck/app/1903340/)

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/mail" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Contact

- Email: [notdp@icloud.com](mailto:notdp@icloud.com)

## Technologies & Tools

| Category       | Skills                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Languages**  | ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swift-FA7343?style=flat-square&logo=swift&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square)                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Frameworks** | ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Spring%20Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square) |
| **Databases**  | ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **DevOps**     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vercel-000000?style=flat-square&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **AI Tools**   | ![Antigravity](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Antigravity-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Codex](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Codex-000000?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Cursor](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cursor-000000?style=flat-square&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMjQiIGhlaWdodD0iMjQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAyNCAyNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTEyIDJMNCA3VjE3TDEyIDIyTDIwIDE3VjdMMTIgMloiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPg==&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square) ![Claude Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Claude%20Code-B5754E?style=flat-square&logo=anthropic&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square) |
| **Product&Design**    | ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Gemini](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gemini-8E75B2?style=flat-square&logo=google&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) |
| **Preferred Models** | ![Gemini 3 Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gemini%203%20Pro-8E75B2?style=flat-square&logo=google&logoColor=white) ![GPT-5.1 Codex Max](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GPT--5.1%20Codex%20Max-412991?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white) |

## GitHub Contributions

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notdp/notdp/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notdp/notdp/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
  <img alt="github contribution grid snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notdp/notdp/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
</picture>

## GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=notdp&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=notdp&show_icons=true&theme=default&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true">
    <img height="180em" alt="GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=notdp&show_icons=true&theme=default&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=notdp&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=notdp&layout=compact&theme=default&hide_border=true">
    <img height="180em" alt="Top Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=notdp&layout=compact&theme=default&hide_border=true"/>
  </picture>
</div>

Commit message:

docs: update current focus to include Python/FastAPI and refine React/Next.js and UI/UX learning.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋 I'm notdp

> Backend → Full-Stack Developer 

## About Me

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/graduation-cap" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Education & Career

- Graduate of [Xidian University](https://en.xidian.edu.cn/)
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/briefcase" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> **Open to Work**: Python/Node.js Backend or Full-Stack Developer (Shanghai/Xi'an/Remote)

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/crosshair" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Current Focus

- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/puzzle" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Building VSCode Extensions
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/layers" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Deeply learning React and Next.js
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/bot" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Deeply learning Python and FastAPI
- <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/palette" width="14" height="14" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Learning UI/UX with Figma and Gemini canvas

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/gamepad-2" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Life Beyond Code

- **Peak**: [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3527290/PEAK/) (Currently playing)
- **Fortnite**: Reload and [MEME BOXFIGHTS](https://www.fortnite.com/@frstudios/1146-7216-6816) with friends
- **GOTY 2025**: [Clair Obscur: Expedition 33](https://store.steampowered.com/agecheck/app/1903340/)

### <img src="https://lucide.dev/api/icons/mail" width="18" height="18" style="vertical-align: -2px"/> Contact

- Email: [notdp@icloud.com](mailto:notdp@icloud.com)

## Technologies & Tools

| Category       | Skills                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Languages**  | ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swift-FA7343?style=flat-square&logo=swift&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square)                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Frameworks** | ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Spring%20Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square) |
| **Databases**  | ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **DevOps**     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vercel-000000?style=flat-square&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)![Intermediate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intermediate-3B82F6?style=flat-square)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **AI Tools**   | ![Antigravity](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Antigravity-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Codex](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Codex-000000?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) ![Cursor](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cursor-000000?style=flat-square&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMjQiIGhlaWdodD0iMjQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAyNCAyNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTEyIDJMNCA3VjE3TDEyIDIyTDIwIDE3VjdMMTIgMloiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPg==&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square) ![Claude Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Claude%20Code-B5754E?style=flat-square&logo=anthropic&logoColor=white)![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-6B7280?style=flat-square) |
| **Product&Design**    | ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white)![Basic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Basic-22C55E?style=flat-square) ![Gemini](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gemini-8E75B2?style=flat-square&logo=google&logoColor=white)![Advanced](https://img.shields.io/badge/Advanced-A855F7?style=flat-square) |
| **Preferred Models** | ![Gemini 3 Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gemini%203%20Pro-8E75B2?style=flat-square&logo=google&logoColor=white) ![GPT-5.1 Codex Max](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GPT--5.1%20Codex%20Max-412991?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white) |

## GitHub Contributions

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notdp/notdp/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notdp/notdp/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
  <img alt="github contribution grid snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notdp/notdp/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
</picture>

## GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=notdp&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=notdp&show_icons=true&theme=default&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true">
    <img height="180em" alt="GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=notdp&show_icons=true&theme=default&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  </picture>
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=notdp&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=notdp&layout=compact&theme=default&hide_border=true">
    <img height="180em" alt="Top Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=notdp&layout=compact&theme=default&hide_border=true"/>
  </picture>
</div>
